Good morning, family. How are you
all
doing? I have some things I'm
going to talk to you about. First off,
I've been given another prophecy
from somebody, and I'm telling
you, this is anointed. I'm telling you
they heard the Lord; I know they did. They
got this in
prayer, and my wife is going to read it.
It's a vision, and it encouraged me; it
is really powerful.
We read these visions and
prophecies
from people
because
ever since about three
videos ago, people have been sending us
words. We read them, and if
it's something the Holy Spirit tells me
to put on the channel, I'm going to read
it. I want my wife to read it and
tell you all. It's not just about me;
this
channel is about the
Lord and what He wants said. He wants
people's words to get out. I believe
with all my heart that Jesus is
coming soon, and He's not just speaking
to me. This proves it; He's
speaking to a lot of people, and He's
warning people that He's coming back,
that there's going to be a Rapture, and
an outpouring.
The
Bible tells us that we're going to see
major things in the last days take place
with His people, and I believe we're
right there. Obviously, look at all the
things that are being said and all the
dreams, visions, and visitations
happening right
now. It's like it's
accelerated at rocket speed
in the spirit realm.
So, here comes my wife. I want her to read
this vision out of
prayer that is absolutely phenomenal. I'm
telling you all, please watch the whole
thing; it's going to bless you.
Let's get right
to it. Hi, good morning, everybody. I
have this amazing vision that I
wanted to read to you all. It was from
January 2020, and it was just
emailed
to us. It says: 'I was just
caught up in a vision into the start of
the Heavenly Symphony and am before the
Crystal Sea. As I am writing you now, dear
ones, I do not understand how I can be in
two places at once, but it is happening
more and more frequently now than ever
before. I am typing so fast, but English
words are so coarse and fall short.
It is too marvelous for earthly
language to adequately describe, but
tonight I have permission to share this
with you. Oh my, what ecstatic and
majestic praise and worship! I have never
seen or heard anything to compare with
this glory. I see millions of saints and
angels singing, dancing, and playing
musical instruments before the holy
Throne of God. There is blinding light,
and I cannot look into His face. We are
all bowing down before the Ancient of
Days and the Holy One of
Israel. The Heavenly Symphony has begun;
it will not stop now until the coming of
the Messianic Kingdom on
Earth. I have never experienced such a
spectacular and triumphant event. I see a
giant rainbow that forms a perfect
circle over and under the Throne of
God. The stones of fire are
multicolored gemstones set like a pave
setting, like a giant mosaic. They light
up in amazing, intricate patterns right
under the great Throne of Glory. Under
the throne is a Crystal Sea that is
perfectly reflecting the rainbow over
the throne; that is why it seems like a
circle. It is too awesome to describe
in words. And the music—oh, the music
of God, the music of glory, the music of
the Heavenly Symphony! It has
begun. Myriads, multitudes beyond count,
are
singing in perfection together in
worship. Dancers and skaters are on a part of
the sea that is frozen for them in
perfect
choreography. It is beyond description.
Help me, oh Lord, to be faithful to write
what You want me to.'Then my angel said,
'Write the words that you are hearing
down for the bride on Earth to join in.
The grand finale has begun. This is the
song I am to record for
you.'These
are the words now
that I hear the heavenly host singing:
'It's here, it's here! The fullness of
harvest is here! The glory of God shall
be seen on Earth as God's judgments fall
on the wicked. Let
both grow up together. The bride is
rising now in all her magnificent
splendor. She shines before all creation.
She shall not be trampled under the feet
of the wicked any longer. Her time is
here to rule and reign on Earth and
usher in the final harvest. Rejoice,
rejoice with her, oh my people! But
woe
to those
below, to all who are doomed to
destruction forever. For the same glory
that shines on and through the bride
shall bring judgment, gloom, and woe. Satan
has come down for the tiny sliver of
time to try to destroy all those that
love our beautiful Bridegroom King. Holy,
holy, holy is our Lord. I am coming to
judge the Earth. The time of Jacob's
trouble has almost begun. Run, run to the
Mercy Seat as My Spirit once sung
through young Charity. There is still a
window of grace and
opportunity. Repent, repent! Come to Yeshua
now; flee from the wrath to come. Glory,
glory, hallelujah! Mine eyes have seen the glory of
the coming of the Lord; He is trampling
out the vintage where the grapes
of wrath are stored. He has loosed the
fateful lightning of His terrible swift
sword.
His
truth is marching on. War shall be
released on the earth; peace shall be
taken away, and there shall be millions
who will suddenly perish. Warn those
deceived in darkness that time is short.
The bride has made herself ready. Come
up hither! I am calling you home. My
bride, my beloved, is waiting for me. I am
taking you home to be with
me. You shall rule and reign with me, all
those who have overcome. Enter into
the joy of your Lord. Not much longer
now; I will be with you forever. Glory,
glory, hallelujah! I am returning with you
to take up My throne on Earth. Even so,
come, dear Lord, come and take up
Your throne, and we shall be one forever.
Amen and amen. The glory is here. Evil shall
be removed from the earth. Go tell all,
far and near: the glory is
here!'It
is all rhyming and in perfect meter in
the language they are singing in, but it
is not English. I gave the understanding
and interpretation as I could.
May God bless this
poor rendition of the beginning of the
Heavenly Symphony. Amen. It's exciting! I
just get excited about it.
We're getting so close. Jesus is
coming
soon. I know
we're excited.
People are
sending these words; they're
excited and anticipating
something amazing taking place, and it's
the return of the Lord Jesus Christ. I
feel it's
important for people to have a voice.
You send these emails
and
I'm encouraged by it.
For the most part, we have
some amazing followers, and I just
want to say thank you for encouraging us
and sending us your visions and
dreams.
If we don't get to
all of it, we
still read them and
are
excited about what God is doing in
your life. It's
really cool to see.
I just
know Jesus is coming.
It's about the bride; it's about
the body. God
is really doing stuff in the body in
these last days.
Housewives, men
who
work
eight
to
five—God
is
speaking to
everybody. Nobody
is
too great; nobody is too
small. He loves us all.
Our grandparents
used to talk about it to us.
Grandma said she had heard about
Jesus coming back
since
World War II.
Granny used to tell us about that
all the time.
She would go to A. A. Allen's tent
meetings whenever they were going on or
to
the evangelistic tent meetings.
She thought
it was funny because my granny was ninety-six when
she went home to be with the Lord. I
used to ask her these questions. My
aunt Opal got baptized in the Holy
Ghost going to the tent meetings.
They were just trying
to find men to
date,
but they got radically saved
during those tent meetings back when
Oral Roberts, William Branham, and all of them were
in
the revivals.
I really believe those things
are about to happen again—great big
tent meetings. I believe we're going to
see major stadiums
filled with worship
for days
at a time.
The
outpouring is coming, and I get excited
about it. It's time for the bride to show
the world that
Jesus is alive and well and
coming back for them. It's time
for
miracles,
signs, and wonders.
We are seeing
manifestations of the glory of God
in people's lives through
dreams, signs, wonders, and visions. I'm
telling you, the best is yet to come.
I believe 2024 will
be a year of great beginnings.
Don't give up on your
miracle. Believe God for big things in 2024.
If you have a vision or
dream,
send it
to us in our email.
This
is His channel, and if He wants His word
spoken through someone else's vision,
I
want to be able to
tell people about
what's going on prophetically in these last days.
Please
like
the video,
subscribe, and click that
notification bell.
It really helps with the algorithm to get the gospel out.
We are getting people
saved
throughout the whole world because of
this channel.
It's a major deal.
I've been doing this
channel since March of
2023,
and
it's truly a
blessing. Let me pray for you.
I'm going to believe
God today for your miracle,
for your
financial restoration, and for your
marriage.
Nothing's too big.
The
anointing is present to heal you right
where you are.
Where
two or more are gathered
agreeing, it
shall be done.
Father, I
just thank You, Lord. Right now, I call
healing over their bodies, from
the top of their heads to the soles of
their feet.
You are a healer and a
deliverer.
I thank You,
Father, that You are our Great Physician.
I thank You, Lord, that You're
creating miracles in their bodies right
now.
We thank You, Lord,
that by the stripes of Jesus, they are
healed and free. Thank You, Lord, for
finances. We call
in finances in the name of Jesus from
the north, south, east, and west.
We're calling in a great harvest
for their homes.
We're
calling those things that be not as
though they were, and we're speaking in
the harvest right now. We speak to the
mountain and tell it to be removed,
and we have the mountain dissolve in faith. It
is
gone.
The faith of a mustard seed moves a
mountain, and I believe right now
for everything they have need
of, it is met in Jesus'name. We
thank You, Lord, for marriages restored—homes full of joy and peace and kindness. Thank You, Lord, that their
children
are
blessed
and whole
in their
minds—no
more ADHD and autism.
We give You all the glory,
honor, and praise.
I
agree
with them by faith: they are healed, set
free, and delivered
today. Amen
and amen. Do you
believe Jesus is your healer?
You've got to
believe it; don't be begging, be believing.
I believe
it's done.
Thank
you
for watching.
Please put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you
so much, and we love you. We will see
you next time. Have a wonderful
day. God bless you all. Bye-bye.